hey guys caller here bringing you
another English commentary and I'm
bringing you another a bit of casual
affair here this is an episode of Star
bnet attack with reach and he's playing
against a challenger from battle.net
just I ran the battle.net user and in
this game reach actually plays a zerg so
reach of course is a legendary Protoss
player for who's been around the the
programming seen since really the start
of pro gaming in 2001 and he's playing
as zerg for fun here it seems he's
playing off race but we'll see how he
does on this um so yeah i basically i'm
posting these videos these sort of not
too serious games because the pro league
and the undoing on game dual net
tornament are starting next week and I
want to be posting I won't be casting
them and I don't really want to spend a
lot of time committing to doing a
serious long series from the past so I'm
just going to cast a couple of these
while I watch them for fun and hopefully
you guys enjoy them too i do enjoy
watching this um not because i want to
see people suffer although i do but
because i think it's really interesting
first because it's a first person mod so
you get to see their actions and second
you get to see i like to watch the ones
where they know the pros play off rates
because they're not necessarily playing
optimally and you could pick up on
things that on players you know things
that players may not do optimally and
sort of learn from that almost it looks
like he has spotted the opponent at the
three o'clock position the opponent is
tearing by the way in red and I'm not
sure if I'm he's gotten I think he has
gotten close enough that they pulled and
probably has spotted him also but I'm
not sure about that since the there is a
building there he has spotted the
building i'm pretty sure the upon his
body and I'm not not exactly sure in in
case um looks like he's not going to be
going for a nine poor anything he's
going to get a three more drones after
his overlord comes out and yeah so we'll
see how his serve vs terran play is I
would expecting him I mean it seems that
when the pros are playing off rays they
actually play more of a standard game in
the opening perhaps pues are not so used
to just doing rush build and so actually
we're seeing the UH we're seeing I think
an engineering Bay they're pleased by
the amateur in order to block reaches
build of his natural expansion that's a
clever move so the amateur certainly
knows where reaches and that actually
that
SCB got there surprisingly early so
actually I'm not sure I'm it might've
been just SUV that built this first
applied evil but I got there quite early
and that's actually a clever move there
it's going to prevent reach from
building his uh his natural expansion
for quite a while while he destroys that
and anticipating reaches build quite
well here so that actually he's quite
clever by this Terran player and so
reaches gonna have to fight this with
those two drones and reach now gaining
his uh his his well he's he tries trying
to get a hatchery down there you need to
get a hatchery down immediately I think
you should have done that actually like
30 seconds ago just place the ha's the
second hatchery somewhere else and then
after destroying that building place the
correct position for mining but in case
I reach now getting his spawning pool so
it looks like I'm going to guess he's
going to go for a third hatchery because
otherwise he's just not going to mind
correctly at that expansion so he's
going to be starting off with a sort of
standard 12 hatchery into three hatchery
build here and we'll see we'll see if
the Terran player decides to go for a
fast expand which could be possible
against this build but it doesn't look
like he's doing so and we just going to
get his gas now and looks like reaches
just popped to zerglings here just to
destroy that SCV and then take out this
building the building is taken out so
Reach is gonna reach is gonna plant his
a third third hatchery at the correct
position but um i guess the opponent did
slow him down a little bit because reach
was confused for a second about what the
correct responses and the correct
response to that is to just plant your
hatchery elsewhere and then worry about
the the correct positioning later so the
opponent actually did well there in
stopping him for a second there in any
case um shout-out to team liquidnet too
i just made a post there so if any of
you are coming from there shout out to
you guys um i try to post the fact that
i try to post something they're saying
that I was making videos earlier but
there was that three about ten day delay
before I can make any new posts from
what I set up my account so um I didn't
know that existed i just set it up like
probably two weeks ago in case um yeah
if you guys get a chance check out a
team liquid net and check out of course
SC two GG calm great site with a lot of
English commentaries and you guys should
check out especially next week the on
game dual net
tournament starting which is um and
that's a feeder tournament that leads to
the OSL itself the proper or sell its
kind of confusing but it has a lot of
star players and I'm going to be doing
commentaries on a set of four games of
four players there it looks like
actually for I could to you it looks
like an early attack is coming in from
the random Terran player and reaches
completely unprepared he had since
caldas at all and yeah only his two
zerglings his sunken goes down so
reaching huge trouble year in SCV rush
coming in here reach may actually go
down this game I didn't see this coming
either this is amazing i reach man
although that play really needed to
block those drones from getting in he
needs to retreat those those Marines to
make the succeed here and i feel like
you were been better off building a
bunker right now but no probably not
actually he's just using those SUVs the
block and he is just keep bringing up
Marines in cuz reaches losing all of his
drones here I don't know what Reach is
gonna do I think this could be good game
for each here he has like three drones
left in his main and it looks like five
SUVs and 11 Marine stole left here it
reaches in huge trouble oh man but the
opponent not having any more Marines
coming up I guess he just didn't rally
enough over there I'd he reaches
actually held this rush off when I felt
the opponent could have killed him off
right there so incredible rush by the
random bailed on that user and this is
where I was saying I don't know if I
mentioned this isn't save your game but
I think if you're going to play against
a pro at at Starcraft in this kind of
game you have to rush to have any chance
of winning because going for the long
game the opponent which is out macro you
and just destroy you entirely and looks
like the opponent is gonna get um he's
gonna get his natural expansion of and
reaches actually quite far behind here
he's lost so many drones in that attack
he does have a layer up in this made but
he's not going to be able to produce
much for a while looks like his mineral
counts quite low and he needs to build a
lot more circlings to defend himself
against up quite a healthy Terran player
over there so in a case I was saying
that it's kind of like poker if you were
an amateur poker player and you somehow
had a chance to play heads up with a pro
poker poker player you probably wouldn't
want to just play a hands to later
streets with them if you're playing
texas hold'em you probably just want to
go all-in preflop every time you won't
be getting it in with the best of odds
but at least you'll have a solid chance
of winning you know maybe a 30 or twenty
percent chance of winning uh you know
basically a
before the flop but if you're it's the
same thing because if you try to play
normal sized pots with them you're just
going to get outplayed if you're playing
like Phil Ivey and the same case here
this to adjust to playing a pro player
here it seems that the best way probably
is to go in for a rush and to try to
take out the pro player early on and
this Terran player certainly hasn't
succeeded in taking him out but he has
weakened reached quite a lot reach only
now Mining gas again looks like he
finally is going to aspire up I feel
that this Terran player because should
actually be able to push out by now
considering that um you know his economy
has been untouched so far and he is
working off a two base it looks like he
does have stimpack Marines here pushing
out with these marines and firebats he
got actually going for an attack now
finished reach off reach desperately
trying to put up some southern colonies
here to help defend a reach in quite a
bit of trouble I guess the element of
surprise was quite strong their reach
just did not expect a turn to rush
because he didn't have a good Scout out
there with his Overlord he didn't spot
the Marines approaching his base because
overload just didn't have sight that far
and any case reach now has three
something colony top I don't know if I
mentioned this map is python of course
commonly played starcraft map and reach
just building i think he's just building
a lot as organs because he does know
that the opponent has a lot of